Copy-paste to the agent (minimal, concrete)
Goal: Keep the current PDF structure, but finish the two expense tables and tidy formatting. No new features. No daily tables.
1) Data mapping (do not change names)
Payroll & Insurance (Monthly) (single row of monthly sums):
Clinic → sum of expense_category = "Clinic Operations"
Doctors → sum of expense_category = "Doctor Payments"
Lab Techs → sum of expense_category = "Lab Tech Payments"
Radiographer → sum of expense_category = "Radiographer Payments"
Insurance → sum of expense_category = "Insurance Payments"
Section TOTAL = sum of the five cells above.
Monthly Operating Expenses (one row per category; exclude the five above so we don’t double-count):
Staff Salaries, Drugs Purchased, Lab Reagents, Equipment, Landlord, Utilities, Sono Papers, X-Ray Films, Other
Show only categories that have a non-zero total for the month.
Section TOTAL = sum of listed operating categories.
Grand Total Expenses = Payroll & Insurance TOTAL + Operating Expenses TOTAL.
(It should match “Total Expenses (SSP)” at the top of the report.)
2) Formatting (keep it simple and consistent)
Use tabular numerals on all numbers in the PDF (KPI tiles, both tables, totals) so columns align.
Right-align all amounts in table cells.
Always show thousand separators (e.g., SSP 26,900).
Header labels: keep “Insurance” (not “Insurance %”) in the Payroll table.
3) Layout rules
The two tables must always render, even if some values are 0 (show SSP 0).
Place Payroll & Insurance first, then Monthly Operating Expenses, then a single line Grand Total Expenses.
Keep everything on one page when possible; if a page break is needed, do it between tables, not inside a table.
4) Acceptance checks (verify before handing over)
In my sample report, the data currently shows:
Payroll row: Clinic SSP 200, Doctors SSP 4,300, Lab Techs SSP 7,500, Radiographer SSP 0, Insurance SSP 0, TOTAL = SSP 12,000.
Operating Expenses: only Equipment SSP 500, TOTAL = SSP 500.
GRAND TOTAL = SSP 12,500 and matches Total Expenses at the top.
Keep these exact numbers when you re-generate the PDF so we can confirm alignment/formatting only. 
Amounts are right-aligned and aligned visually (tabular numerals) in both tables.
Section totals and the grand total are displayed and correct.
No daily breakdowns appear anywhere.
5) Please do NOT change:
The report header, the KPI boxes, or any existing queries that drive totals—only add/format the two tables and totals as described.